Match report in dialog.
- matchscheduledreport -> check if match exists.

. fix?: if we lower the max number of players, what do we do if number_players>max_number_players
 1: can only happen if event is not started yet. after that, the button is disabled
    So the only issue is with non-fixtures events, during signup, where we do not allow more than max_players
. add "player substitution" for fixtured (if no game played yet by the user we want to replace)
. Event admin "Add" non-gamers?
. Notification for deleted players?
. Add "forfeit" button for non-accepted challenges (or accepted, but not played?)
 - active matches
 - pending matches (need approval)
 - scheduled matches
 - challenges requested (not yet confirmed/accepted)
 Need to find which case
. "checkin" only makes sense for fixtured events?
. add platforms to game
. add "game" page, with events for each game
. matchinfo.php should use Match object!
. probably would be better to recalculate the brackets every time, rather than when schedulematch is true?
. seeding/page split not correct.
. Support for "replacing player" by another one.
. gamer profile should have a "game" selector

Stats per game:
1. what if i want to reset the stats at some point.
2. what if i want to have stats for a period of time (season...)
3. do I want to count stats for every event, or only "Official"

DONE
. late checkins instead of late signups when checkin is enabled?
it looks like signups not checked in are kicked 
. delete match in bracket if event over -> change status (finished -> active) / remove rewards?
. Prevent "quit"/"kick" if fixturesenabled=1 && status='active', because deleting a player re-orders the seeds, which screws up the bracket.
. event option: allow late signup (enable/disable)
  - for fixtured, it will be disabled once 1 game is played
. event option: enable/disable signup (prevent users from signing up)
. Bug: edit match in fixtured event deletes it and creates new one, but there is a mismatch with the bracket results.

. Fixtures
 . disable challenges if fixtures are enabled

. Teams
 . need team quit event.
 . need team checkin, kick, ban in event manage page
 . delete teams should delete matches, scores, awards, ...

. Deleted items
 . Bug: when displaying an item, we should verify it is in database
  - claninfo,
  - clanmanage,
  - eventinfo,
  - eventmanage
  - matchinfo (says match deleted)

. Verify every database access.
 Check the return value, use check_qd_query()?

. Form process redirect
 - if item created -> show that item
 - if item deleted: show a page saying "item deleted", and a link to redirect
 - if can not do something: show a page saying "could not do this because...", and a link to redirect
  . clandelete (if scores>0)
  

